---
title: "Lit Ipsum, REAL"
date: "2024-08-16"
categories:
    - "Ipsum"
tags:
    - "Real"
description: "Literature classics we all know from high school"
---

# Lit Ipsum

Lit Ipsum is a dummy text generator for web designers and developers. As an alternative to boring old Lorem Ipsum
generators, it chooses passages from copyright-free literature courtesy of the Gutenberg Project. You can design using
real English sentences.

Lit Ipsum was inspired by Fillerati.com, which alas is now no more.

Alternative for Lorem Ipsum.

## Dr Jekyll and Mr Hyde

A week afterwards Dr. Lanyon took to his bed, and in something less than a fortnight he was dead. The night after the
funeral, at which he had been sadly affected, Utterson locked the door of his business room, and sitting there by the
light of a melancholy candle, drew out and set before him an envelope addressed by the hand and sealed with the seal of
his dead friend. “PRIVATE: for the hands of G. J. Utterson ALONE, and in case of his predecease to be destroyed unread,”
so it was emphatically superscribed; and the lawyer dreaded to behold the contents. “I have buried one friend to-day,”
he thought: “what if this should cost me another?” And then he condemned the fear as a disloyalty, and broke the seal.
Within there was another enclosure, likewise sealed, and marked upon the cover as “not to be opened till the death or
disappearance of Dr. Henry Jekyll.” Utterson could not trust his eyes. Yes, it was disappearance; here again, as in the
mad will which he had long ago restored to its author, here again were the idea of a disappearance and the name of Henry
Jekyll bracketted. But in the will, that idea had sprung from the sinister suggestion of the man Hyde; it was set there
with a purpose all too plain and horrible. Written by the hand of Lanyon, what should it mean? A great curiosity came on
the trustee, to disregard the prohibition and dive at once to the bottom of these mysteries; but professional honour and
faith to his dead friend were stringent obligations; and the packet slept in the inmost corner of his private safe.

It is one thing to mortify curiosity, another to conquer it; and it may be doubted if, from that day forth, Utterson
desired the society of his surviving friend with the same eagerness. He thought of him kindly; but his thoughts were
disquieted and fearful. He went to call indeed; but he was perhaps relieved to be denied admittance; perhaps, in his
heart, he preferred to speak with Poole upon the doorstep and surrounded by the air and sounds of the open city, rather
than to be admitted into that house of voluntary bondage, and to sit and speak with its inscrutable recluse. Poole had,
indeed, no very pleasant news to communicate. The doctor, it appeared, now more than ever confined himself to the
cabinet over the laboratory, where he would sometimes even sleep; he was out of spirits, he had grown very silent, he
did not read; it seemed as if he had something on his mind. Utterson became so used to the unvarying character of these
reports, that he fell off little by little in the frequency of his visits.

It chanced on Sunday, when Mr. Utterson was on his usual walk with Mr. Enfield, that their way lay once again through
the by-street; and that when they came in front of the door, both stopped to gaze on it.

“Well,” said Enfield, “that story’s at an end at least. We shall never see more of Mr. Hyde.”

“I hope not,” said Utterson. “Did I ever tell you that I once saw him, and shared your feeling of repulsion?”

“It was impossible to do the one without the other,” returned Enfield. “And by the way, what an ass you must have
thought me, not to know that this was a back way to Dr. Jekyll’s! It was partly your own fault that I found it out, even
when I did.”

“So you found it out, did you?” said Utterson. “But if that be so, we may step into the court and take a look at the
windows. To tell you the truth, I am uneasy about poor Jekyll; and even outside, I feel as if the presence of a friend
might do him good.”

The court was very cool and a little damp, and full of premature twilight, although the sky, high up overhead, was still
bright with sunset. The middle one of the three windows